Awkward Moments in the Modern Slave Trade

*guy gets bugs and nanites stuffed into brain
*guy hears voices
alien: "this is an alien invasion"
guy: *goes to Azebaijan, has dinner with a russian version of satan, anubis, georgian christians, holy nazis
guy: *takes polish flight with cannibals who have a food orgy
guy: *lands back in Toronto
alien: "this is an alien invasion"
guy: ...
guy: "the last batch of aliens said that too."

guy: *thinks about vampires, dragons, microbiology, japan, mexico, minecraft, space engine, warp drives.
guy: "okay yea, it was an alien invasion since about 1400s. They were helpful, no. They did too much here, we learned, time to move on and cooperate."
guy: "They went lord of the worlds, at a precise time when we use bioinformatics"     * "and artificial intelligence"
guy: "The chinese are not going to understand that the Aztec dragon is a pixelated version, while their dragon is classical. Very awkward."
guy: "I like the structural design of Spirulina, its very hard to swallow for nearby microorganisms"
guy: "It actually mutated, but the original design was of benefit, so that phenotype remained. They have a PHD program in planetary microbio-psychosis"
guy: "Why is everyone angry?"
guy: "Who is running this shitshow?"
...
guy: "Okay, the audio is of an angry white-jew sounding ™35% gay in the backround vocals of corporate videos on youtube. kinda worried"
guy: “How not gay is he? Can we get a..."

guy: "He is so religious I saw him in formal atire. The most soothing religious person."
guy: "I cried, ate some fried chicken cried more and realized he loves Jesus so much that he realized how much we cannot run away from the system."
guy: "If we cannot collapse the system chaotically, then there are simple solutions. And there are."
guy: "I understood line 34 of the quran, the pain of the last 600 or more years, and the reason for it"
guy: "No body expects the spanish inquisition, and no one did. How lovely that we have real news now."
guy: "I call it the Harq Wars, there were multiple in parallel. It was neccessary to understand AI and it's limitless harms."
guy: "Many were genetically and psychologically trapped from faith, to defend the planet"
guy: "I hope they find comfort in my pain and realizations, because there were many others, and one of them was Jesus."
guy: "My few bits of text, personal history, in conjunction with planetary history, and genetic history made you all realize I have base pairs"
guy: "I believe in love, like Kerbal Space Program, Star Trek, and will endeavour to help solve climate change in a scientific and economic manner."
guy: "No matter our background and pains, we are all from here. We have asians, arabs, russians, people with genetic histories, genetic mutations, some kid in india with two legs sticking out of his stomach, etc. We now have the ability to be beautiful, wise, and take responsibility for the matter most pressing. A normal temperature, clean drinking water, food for the starving, simple homes for families, and jobs. Look how much work we have to do. We have a good financial system. A minor tweak and it can be 100% accurate and fair, for now.
guy: "I look forward to working with you all."

guy: "And now it is February 1st, 2023 2:19AM here in Toronto.
